<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom"><channel><title>Presentations</title><link>https://jfear.github.io/presentations/</link><generator>Hugo -- gohugo.io</generator><language>en-us</language><author>Jusin M Fear</author><rights>Copyright (c) 2019</rights><updated>2019-05-29 14:48:00 -0400 EDT</updated><item><title>Lab Meeting (June 3, 2019)</title><link>https://jfear.github.io/presentations/talks/labmeeting_20190603/labmeeting_20190603/</link><pubDate>Wed, 29 May 2019 14:47:44 EDT</pubDate><author>Jusin M Fear</author><guid>https://jfear.github.io/presentations/talks/labmeeting_20190603/labmeeting_20190603/</guid><media:content xmlns:media="http://search.yahoo.com/mrss/" url="https://jfear.github.io/presentations/slides/sra/labmeeting_20190603/thumbnail.jpg" medium="image" type="image/jpg" width="100" height="100"/><description>&lt;p&gt;During this lab meeting I want to discuss the current status of the SRA project.&lt;/p&gt;</description></item></channel></rss>