<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="yes"?><rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom"><channel><title>Talks on Presentations</title><link>https://jfear.github.io/presentations/talks/</link><description>Recent content in Talks on Presentations</description><generator>Hugo -- gohugo.io</generator><lastBuildDate>Wed, 29 May 2019 14:47:44 -0400</lastBuildDate><atom:link href="https://jfear.github.io/presentations/talks/index.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml"/><item><title>Lab Meeting (June 3, 2019)</title><link>https://jfear.github.io/presentations/talks/labmeeting_20190603/labmeeting_20190603/</link><pubDate>Wed, 29 May 2019 14:47:44 -0400</pubDate><guid>https://jfear.github.io/presentations/talks/labmeeting_20190603/labmeeting_20190603/</guid><description>During this lab meeting I want to discuss the current status of the SRA project.</description></item></channel></rss>